all right hey guys ass galaxy s3 custom
roms and today I'm done oops today maybe
go showing you the synergy rom and yeah
I'm really enjoying this rom it is um oh
sorry TouchWiz wrong and you see it's a
lot like stock and how you get it is
i'll put the links in the description
and yeah i'll put the g ops link in the
description too because you have to have
G ups I think maybe not but if if so I
will put that in the description but
yeah it's got the Ziggy Colonel
installed so what that does is it allows
you to overclock it too I think like
1,900 or something like that and what
that Ziggy clone does is it allows you
to rotate any way look it's kinda
glitchy any way that you want to so yeah
you see you see going ok and then nope
not calculator well there's a calculator
it's just the stock calculator I believe
but my favorite thing about this is late
the two cameras that yet you get the
stock camera you get the note 2 camera
that's the stock and use the note 2 as
you can see if you click this it's got
panorama right there so you can a
phone's kind of slow that's the only
problem with this is it's kind of slow
you see you do panorama so yeah and
let's see
that's about all no one had other thing
is you can rotate block screen oh and i
forgot the main part of this wrong the
coolest part to me you hold down the
back button come and look you can do
multi window so let's say I want to mmm
poke the media hub and yes i know it on
my internet on and whatever that is OOP
come on and no let's just say freed the
youtube downloader and flash so yep as
you can see Multi Windows fully
functional so I have to play store and
and the free die youtube downloader
thing so you see cuz there you go so
yeah that's about all please like
comment rate and subscribe if you
enjoyed download link for this rom is in
the description i'm pretty sure this rom
is for all us verte that variance of the
galaxy s3 so yeah please subscribe to
support this channel download it install
it and i will probably post a video on
how to install this pride tomorrow and
I'll put an okay I probably will put a
notation on this video linking to the
video on how to install it so yeah if
you enjoyed like I said again please
subscribe I'd really like to grow this
channel and yeah see